# Fundamental Analysis

## What is this app for ?

This application is made for anyone who would like to have an overview before investing in a company. She creates a Power-Point with the description of the company, several data tables with the most important accounting indicators over 5 years as well as analysts' forecasts for the next few years. After these tables come technical visualizations allowing you to have an overview of the evolution of the price, the different trends, predictions by artificial intelligence, an analysis of market sentiments around the company that interests you, the way which is distributed investors... And more. Unfortunately, I noticed that all the good online analysis tools were generally neither free nor exhaustive , so I built this application to help me choose my stock market investments, and I would be more than honored to help other investors like me.

## How does the app work?

After downloading and unzipping the zip files in a new folder , you will end up with a folder containing a lot of files. Above all, you should not delete any of them. Find the 'Fundamental Analysis' executable file which has a small icon, there is a shortcut of this file that you can put anywhere you want, but don't move the original executable. Launch the executable (or the shortcut); a command terminal and a graphical interface will appear. Choose the language (English or French) in which you wish to receive the information, the ticker of the company that interests you (if you have any doubts about the ticker or the stock exchange of origin, type on google 'Name_of_the_company ticker yahoo finance' and you should find it easily) , at this point you need to type the exact name of the company that interests you, then copy the path of the folder where you want the power point to be stored (with windows; hold down the capital arrow and right click on the folder that interests you, then click on 'copy as path'). The last step is to click on the button 'Analyse / analysis'. 
A web page will open and you will have 15 seconds of latency. Sometimes, especially if you use a VPN, you will have to do the capcha (Verify that you are a human, click on the fire terminals...). Then you just have to wait for the page to close by itself (do not close it yourself or the program may crash). Then, you will be able to see in the console if the recovery of the data tables worked well, then the first AI algorithm will start its training (provided that there is enough data available, otherwise the program will go to the next step). After a short wait, a second web page will open (finviz). You have nothing to do and have to wait for the page to close by itself. After a few seconds the program should close by itself, indicating that your power-point has been created.

## What to do in case of problem with the application ?

If nothing happens when you click on analyze, look at the console which should tell you the problem. First check the validity of the information you have passed to the program. This program is built to work even if some step does not go well. You could reach the end of the process and find in your power point only the data tables without the visualizations of yahoo for example. The presentation should contain about 50 slides. If your internet connection is not good enough, the program may crash.
If you encounter problems in your use, having met all the conditions for success, do not hesitate to send me an email at the following address 'lucasfernandez2308@gmail.com' and I would be happy to rectify the problem. and redeploy the repaired application. Do not hesitate to send me an email with suggestions for improvements / things you would like me to add, I will answer them with pleasure. Also, you must take into account that this application needs 3.20 gigas to be installed. Thank you for reading this document to the end, and I wish you success in your investments.
